

# 31. August

![Logo](logo.jpg)

# Agenda

- Go over the plans day by day


# Meeting

**Present: John, Paula, Erik**

- Register for precourse?
  - Would be nice to get a headcount. 
- Festival last year that we can potentially invite them
- September 15 try to have a rough draft. Upload to moodle at that time. 
- October 5 10AM for next meeting time. 


---
Start: 10:00 AM 
End: 10:54 PM


